Removed (almost) all Try examples in documentation/comment blocks (#50)
arrow-kt/arrow-core: arrow-docs/docs/typeclasses/functor/README.md

Oftentimes we find ourselves in situations where we need to transform the contents of some datatype. `Functor#map` allows
us to safely compute over values under the assumption that they'll be there returning the transformation encapsulated in the same context.

Consider both `Option` and `Either`:

`Option<A>` allows us to model absence and has two possible states: `Some(a: A)` if the value is not absent, and `None` to represent an empty case.

> In a similar fashion, `Either<A, B>` may have two possible cases: `Left(a: A)` for computations that succeed, and `Right(b: B)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a similar fashion, `Either<A, B>` may have two possible cases: `Right(b: B)` for computations that succeed, and `Left(a: A)` for exceptional cases.

> By convention, the `Left` case is used to model the exceptional case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `Either` is an example datatype that can be computed over transforming its inner results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `Either` and `Option` are example datatypes that can be computed over transforming their inner results.
```
